[Music]
what better way to map these highways
than by asking an old bull elephant who
might remember Angola to lead the way
[Music]
Mike needs to collar a bull as close to
the international border as possible
an elephant old enough to remember his
ancestral homeland and who will provide
a GPS trail as he journeys north into
Angola
[Applause]
[Music]
this huge bull is exactly what mike is
looking for he's certain this old
elephant would have lived in Angola and
will probably go back there
[Music]
he's really impressive man
super
how's his breathing Larry that's good I
really hoped this magnificent fool would
become an ambassador and lead the way
back to Angola but I think he's about 40
years old probably yeah he's in his
prime
mike has collared more than 50 elephants
in a massive transfer entire area
spanning five countries
he's unlocking the secrets of how these
majestic animals move across this
complex landscape
[Music]
Bava leave it sent dawn its call him and
tumble
the colouring of an tombow is a new
beginning
[Music]
Mike's future challenge is to ensure
that elephants have the freedom of
Africa that they can still wander as
they did hundreds of years ago and most
importantly that elephants and people
can learn to live peacefully together
I believe that elephants are a flagship
species and if we can't save the African
elephant what hope is there for the rest
of Africa's wildlife
the great bülent or most Road north into
the wilderness of Angola carrying his
collar with him following an ancient
migration path
and now I dream that where he leads a
thousand elephants will follow
you